Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to design the place, order screen, and we are also going to be having
the details of the user via OC.
So what we can do is we can go to the profile screen where we have that feature builder profile screen
and we can copy from this override to, to, to to to the scaffold scaffold or via use controller and
c to copy and back to.
The place order screen.
Place order.
Where are you?
Please.
Order!
Place!
Okay, this is it.
All right.
And we can then get rid of this override and this as well.
And paste.
Okay.
And now we need to import all this package light and use control and dot to import.
Taking longer in part.
And also, we need to import this.
Okay.
And you can see we have this error.
First of all, we have to close this scaffold.
And then we need to close the future border.
Had this had this again and one parenthesis then had your semicolon.
And I think we need another.
Okay, great.
Okay.
And over here you can see we have this error.
And the reason for this error is basically asking for the else.
You can see why we said if we finish low, then we want to basically display the data.
Right?
And over here we have to say ls return.
Return.
This is going to be material and order to have that white background.
I think you've seen this before material.
And we can then have a child.
The child is going to be a center with that.
And we can have another child, which is going to be a secular, secular, secular progress indicator.
And we can give this a color of colors that assign.
Cause a sign.
Okay.
So what we are basically saying, if is if it's still low, then we want to show this secular progress
indicator.
You can see why we are basically saying if it is equal, Don, that is if we have successfully finished
retrieving the data, then we want to display.
It helps if we are still trying to display that data.
We want to show a secular progress indicator to tell the user that, hey, please, you need to wait
till we fetch that data.
Okay, now within the scaffold, we can have a harbour bar.
Harbour and we can give this harbour a grand colour of maybe colours that grey and we can add some shades
to this maybe shade of red and we can get rid of the elevation by saying zero.
Okay.
Is control and has to save.
And go check this out.
You should see it's over.
Over here.
Okay.
Okay, great.
And we the scaffold.
First of all, we can just have a train come out of it and let's have a very good format.
And within the scaffold, as you know, it has a property known as body.
And for the body, it's going to be a column, column widget.
And as you know, the column can take multiple widgets, which are going to be displayed horizontally.
So it has these children property.
And the first side of the column is going to be a container.
And for this container, we can give it a height of maybe 90.
And we can give this a decoration in order to have access to lots of property the container has.
And box decoration.
Right.
Okay.
We can give this a color of colors.
The white.
And also we can give this some rounded shape by saying border radius and this is going to be border
radius.
What do we do as the scorer of maybe ten?
We don't want it to be that round.
And what we can also do is within the scaffold that is over here, we can give it a background color.
You can then see broken color.
We can also see colors that gray.
And also we can have a shade of red.
Use control.
And has to save.
And you see you can see you can see we have this container right with k sim school.
And we can wrap this column with a pardon to give some space within each edges.
And we can just say maybe ten is okay.
Let's go check it out.
Okay.
Okay, great.
This will basically be for the user detail, like the name of the user, the name of the user, and
so on.
That is this container.
Okay.
And we can have another container.
Add your newcomer and you can just give us a space between this container and the other container.
We are going to have container.
And we can give a height of maybe 20.
And for this container before we before we use this container, we're going to use an expanded widget.
The reason for this expanded widget is we want the container to take the available space.
And for the child, okay, I'm just going to use a container first in order for you to see this very
well container.
Container.
And I'm just going to go ahead and say declaration and box declaration.
Okay.
We can give this a colour of colours that white as well.
Call us at White and we can have a declaration.
Sorry.
Okay.
Yeah, we already have that declaration.
We can then have.
A border.
A border radius.
But border videos.
Thought maybe secular of ten.
Okay.
And what we can do is we can give a height to this container, maybe heights of Haiti.
Use control.
And as the save and go check is going to look like.
Look, you can see it over here.
But what we can also do is we can get rid of this hides we have over.
And we can rob this container with something known as a standard widget.
What this will do is it will make that container have the rest of the screen its control necessary now
and go check it out.
Who is going to take the available specs?
Many.
Okay.
Sounds cool.
You can sit over there.
Right.
Okay.
Checking the available specs.
And remember.
Remember, we are using the Padden to wrap everything up.
And that's why you can see this space.
Okay.
So go.
And what we can then do is we can have a bottom sheds within the scaffold outside the harbour.
We can then have a bottom sheet and.
This is going to be a container which is going to create this bottle from scratch again.
And we can give this bottle in a height of maybe 35, 35, and we can give this a width in order to
make the weight more responsive.
We can get the width of our screen by saying media query of context dot size, then that width, and
we just want to times it by maybe zero.
The seats make it much more bigger and then we can add the decoration and the box decoration.
And in box decoration.
We can give this a color of colors that.
Does sign.
Okay, great.
And we can make this a bit crowded by having a broader radius.
This is going to be border radius.
The circular.
The circle are of maybe ten or maybe or maybe ten.
Okay.
Had this over.
You can see it over here.
Okay, Cisco.
And what we can just do is look, first of all, we send the container.
We can then have a child.
The child is going to be the material.
Material button.
The material button has a property known as on press because we are going to make it clickable and then
hide your cover the child.
Then there's going to be a test which is going to say confirm.
Okay.
Go check it out.
You should sit over.
Okay.
And we can maybe start this.
This is going to be test I.
And.
CALLER Sorry.
Yeah.
CALLER This is going to be called a state wide.
And I think we're missing one.
Okay.
Cause that's what I think we're missing.
These containers are safe to format.
And we can increase the font size to.
Font size that 18 thin.
Okay.
Great.
We could also make this bold by saying font with.
Font width.
Found with the boat and this OC.
And also we can't make sure the test is within the center of the container.
To do this, we can wrap this and test with a sensor widget.
Okay.
Simcoe.
And also what we can just do is we can wrap this container with a widget and we can then see it cross
us and then cross us.
Cross assess element dots center to take it to the centre.
Okay.
Not did not go.
So this should be main houses element.
Right.
Okay.
So for that main --.
Main axis alignment.
Main axis alignment the center.
Remember, the main access alignment is going to work oppositely for the column of.
Okay, Cisco.
Maybe 90.
Okay.
Great.
And make it more bigger.
And what we can do is.
What's in this cardboard.
We can wrap this with a safe area, so make sure we don't go very, very close to this hedges.
So we are going to wrap this scaffold, which is safe.
Safe.
Here we are.
Okay.
And lastly, we are going to wrap this with a pardon.
Wrap with padding.
Sorry.
A light and use control and wrap with pardon pardon maybe ten is okay.
Use, concur and save and go check this out.
OC OC since school.
That seems cool.
Right.
Looking great.
And maybe instead of ten, we can just wrap this with 15.
And check this out.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.